No, Your Highness
The monarch was in a coma once
What take me there
Are you still ready to follow up?
Just this little injury
Why can't you cure it?
Xiangyun
This fly breast with sleeves causes the wound to become infected with tetanus
This is a terminal illness.
Father-in-law, I can cure this tetanus
A shot of penicillin for tetanus would be a good joke.
The old father is the chief medical saint of the palace
50 years of studying medicine
Never heard of a cure for tetanus
Can you give you the name of the old doctor?
Xiaohuan, go and help me prepare some animal bones.
Silver needle bamboo tube
And some moldy fruit.
You can cure tetanus with these things
It's ridiculous
Fashion king, you really want to take me in
If it can't be cured
I'm here to see you
It's called a syringe.
Can pass my homemade penicillin through this
Into the body of the princess
Ridiculous old man's book is not as good as tens of thousands of suicide notes
Never heard of a syringe
Let the pen of the thirteenth prince
Come and take off the princess' clothes
Pardon me?